Life is more beautiful than we can imagine together, 
It’s beauty exceeds everything I can say or write or do, 
By the beauty I do not mean only things that give pleasure, 
Things that are brutal beyond what is explicable, 
To see all this , just to see , all this happening 
Of which self , the observer is, and whatever is happening 
Is just extraordinarily mundane and yet extraordinarily new, 

I really can’t say what one should do, how one should live life 
I am really clueless, I am really really confused 

Based on everything that I see, 
There are certain patterns that are obvious, 

One must see  life in its totality, 
One must live life in its totality, 

Whether one is  free  to do so or not, at this point is meaningless 
In bhagvat geeta, krishna says, life is war , and 
I could not disagree more, 
Earlier I had disagreement thinking life is so amazing how could , 
War is extremely brutal word to describe life,
Now I think it is not brutal enough, 

Immense things are happening right now, 
Immense things are ending right now, 

How do we live, the question remains so burning, 
I can discuss question of identity, 
How our indentity is formed  and how it   directs our actions 
And how this is nothing but ending every moment

we do things for one another, 
we expect things / favors from one another, 
but it should not be treated like trade 
our life depends on collaboration with  others 
but this is not trade, 
because to trade one fundamentally requires to assign value  to each objects / idea / relationship  in common units. 
then only it can be compared. but life at its core is unique. 

when thing that are simple to understand are traded it is ok but when the ideas of trade  are used understand life 
desgin whole social life. 
I can see only problem arising. 
but it goes against the truth of life is deeply irreconsilable way,
to assign value, we need lot of context, and knoledge with most can't have and will not have 

assignment of value can change over time causing what was once fair 
deeply injust at some other time when understanding of situation change.
creating resentment among the people. 
there is no winning and loosing party in this, 
because they both will experience sense of injustice and victimhood, sooner or later
given our tendency to focus more on negatives. 
overtime everyone will feel like they are victims. 
This is really perfect example of tyranny without a tirant
this forces to us to remember the things which we should forget.


